Spring
You never forget your eyes
They shine like stars
Are you happy to see them?
Every time the eyes of the moon change their colors,
I feel like I'm being deceived.
Oh, that's not true.
That's a lie.
Your red lips
smell like rose and shikura noodles.
I'm really happy.
The heart-shaped stamps
are thrown away one after another.
Oh, that's not true.
That's a lie.
Your shoulders and fingertips
are gentle and straight.
I'm really happy.
The heart-shaped stamps
are thrown away one after another.
Oh, that's not true.
That's a lie.
Your cheeks are
like a flower that blooms.
I'm really happy.
When you cry and be spoiled,
tears will stop in your cheeks.
Oh, that's not true.
That's a lie.